[Release] Release of vizro-ai 0.3.3 (#956)
mckinsey/vizro: vizro-ai/CHANGELOG.md

<!-- scriv-insert-here -->

<a id='changelog-0.3.3'></a>

# 0.3.3 — 2025-01-16

## Changed

> - Pinned the Vizro upper bound to prepare for Pydantic2 migration. ([#923](https://github.com/mckinsey/vizro/pull/923))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Pinned the Vizro upper bound to prepare for Pydantic V2 migration. ([#923](https://github.com/mckinsey/vizro/pull/923))
```

## Fixed

> - Fixed the "Model name could not be retrieved" error when using with AWS Bedrock. ([#953](https://github.com/mckinsey/vizro/pull/953))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed the "Model name could not be retrieved" error when using VizroAI with AWS Bedrock. ([#953](https://github.com/mckinsey/vizro/pull/953))
```
